Update generated code (#1173)
async-aws/aws: src/Service/SecretsManager/CHANGELOG.md

- AWS enhancement: Documentation updates for Secrets Manager
- AWS api-change: Use specific configuration for `us` regions
- AWS enhancement: Documentation updates.

> - AWS api-change: Feature are ready to release on Jan 28th

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- AWS api-change: add `duration` to the rotation
```

> - AWS api-change: Feature are ready to release on Jan 28th

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- AWS api-change: Added `Duration` and `ScheduleExpression` to the Rotation rules
- AWS api-change: Added `ca-central-1-fips` region
```
